OCPBUGS-35480:updates prerequisites for OVN-K migration (#79716)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-migration.adoc

* A reboot can be triggered manually for each node.
* The cluster is in a known good state, without any errors.
* Before migration to OVN-Kubernetes, a security group rule must be in place to allow UDP packets on port `6081` for all nodes on all cloud platforms.

> * Before migration to OVN-Kubernetes, set all timeouts for webhooks to 3 seconds or remove them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before you migrate your cluster to use the OVN-Kubernetes plugin, either remove timeouts for webhooks or set the timeouts to `3` seconds.
```
